Feat/docs (#24)
ideal-lab5/murmur: docs/murmur/docs/quick_start/local.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Murmur CLI

> Create and execute a murmur wallet from a terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and execute a Murmur wallet from a terminal.
```

> The murmur-cli is a standalone client that creates and manages Merkle mountain range data for murmur wallets. It can be used to create new murmur wallets and to execute balance transfers from them against the Ideal Network's testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The murmur-cli is a standalone client that creates and manages Merkle mountain range data for murmur wallets. It can be used to create new Murmur wallets and to execute balance transfers from them against the Ideal Network.
```
